I had my 16th birthday my I was the girl
would drive like a rose on my friends
everything and my parents always said
well you can do whatever you want to do
can't do it
I actually didn't know about the program
until I went to start my life
and reg told me that you know here's
program and wanted you to try it out
I just need the basic knowledge that he
showed you that was in the car and I did
the program probably you don't know it's
really good like I'm on my own car now
so I
it's called the DARS program which is
the driving assessment and
rehabilitation service it's an
outpatient service run by the hospital
and what we do basically is we assess
safety to derive for patients of all
ages anybody can be referred to us from
their physician if there's concerns of a
medical condition
physical disability cognitive issues
those kinds of things we will assess
appliance and do a full assessment both
in clinic and also when we go to in the
car to do protest as well my dad tried
to teach me without anything first but
it is an assessment I mean we do want to
help people and if at all possible we
try and help them maintain their
independence if they need lessons we
offer them lessons and see if that is
gonna work
I mean there are some cases where
patients really do have to consider
driving cessation and retirement from
driving and we do talk to people about
that but like I said for the majority
they they do pass it's definitely great
feeling especially knowing there's a
program there because when you have
putting up a disability you kind of feel
like you can't do anything you have to
have all this special equipment and
obviously over you real-life always be
different but there's always a it's
always a great feeling
do something